Dynamic css injection (#1652)
puckeditor/puck: apps/docs/pages/docs/api-reference/components/puck.mdx

| [`permissions`](#permissions)                                     | `permissions: {}`                                  | [Permissions\[\]](/docs/api-reference/permissions#supported-permissions) | -            |
| [`plugins`](#plugins)                                             | `plugins: [myPlugin]`                              | [Plugin\[\]](/docs/api-reference/plugin)                                 | Experimental |
| [`ui`](#ui)                                                       | `ui: {leftSideBarVisible: false}`                  | [AppState.ui](/docs/api-reference/data-model/app-state#ui)               | -            |

> | [`uiStyles`](#uistyles)                                           | `uiStyles: false`                                  | `false \| { bundle?: "default" \| "no-external" }`                       | -            |

Reviewer: `uiStyles` has been dropped, so we should remove this section

Defer rendering of the Puck preview until the iframe styles have loaded, showing a spinner. Defaults to `true`.

##### `syncHostStyles`

> Mirror host `style` and stylesheet tags into the preview iframe. Defaults to `true`.
> 
> Set `syncHostStyles: false` to fully isolate the iframe from host styles and host `html` / `body` attributes while still keeping Puck's iframe interaction styles active.

Reviewer: This might be a bit unclear and too detailed for some people. What about something like:

```suggestion
Copy host `style` and stylesheet tags into the preview iframe. Defaults to `true`.

Set `syncHostStyles: false` to fully isolate the iframe from host styles and host `html` / `body` attributes.
```

### `uiStyles`

Configure runtime loading of the Puck editor UI styles.

```tsx {4} copy
export function Editor() {
  return (
    <Puck
      uiStyles={{ bundle: "no-external" }}
      // ...
    />
  );
}
```

#### uiStyles params

| Param               | Example                 | Type                         | Status |
| ------------------- | ----------------------- | ---------------------------- | ------ |
| [`bundle`](#bundle) | `bundle: "no-external"` | `"default" \| "no-external"` | -      |

> Pass `false` to disable runtime style injection entirely and load the CSS yourself.

Reviewer: `uiStyles` has been dropped, so we should remove this section

##### `bundle`

Choose which built-in editor UI bundle to inject. Defaults to `"default"`.

- `"default"` loads the standard editor bundle, including the Inter font import.
- `"no-external"` omits the external font import so you can supply your own font.

> 

Reviewer: I can't see this prop, so we should remove this section
